Add contribution guide (#165)
operator-framework/catalogd: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to Contribute

> Catalogd is [Apache 2.0 licensed](LICENSE.md) and accepts contributions via GitHub pull requests. This document puts together some guidelines on how to make contributions to Catalogd and provides contacts to get in touch with the Catalogd maintainers and developers. To learn more about Catalogd and how it fits into `OLM V1`, please refer to [Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) V1 Product Requirements Document (PRD)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-vsZ2dAODNfoHb7Nf0fbYeKDF7DUqEzS9HqgeMCvbDs/edit#heading=h.dbjdp199nxjk).

Reviewer: Global comment: please wrap lines at a reasonable length - maybe around 100 or so characters.

## Communication Channels

- Mailing List: [operator-framework-olm-dev](mailto:operator-framework-olm-dev@googlegroups.com)
- Slack: [#olm-dev](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C0181L6JYQ2)
- Working Group Meeting: [olm-wg](https://groups.google.com/g/operator-framework-olm-dev)

## Getting started

- Fork the repository on GitHub.
- Clone the repository onto your local development machine via `git clone https://github.com/{$GH-USERNAME}/catalogd.git`.
- Add `operator-framework/catalogd` upstream remote by running `git remote add upstream https://github.com/operator-framework/catalogd.git`.
- Create a new branch from the default `main` branch and begin development in the area of your interest.

## Reporting bugs and creating issues

Any new contribution should be linked to a new or existing github issue in the Catalogd project. This issue can help track work, discuss the design and implementation, and help avoid duplicate efforts of multiple people working on the same issue. Trivial changes, like fixing a typo in the documentation, do not require the creation of a new issue but can be linked to an existing issue if it exists.

> Proposing larger changes to the Catalogd project may require an enhancement proposal, or some documentation, before being considered. The maintainers typically use [HackMD](https://hackmd.io) or standard RFC to write small design drafts for any new features.

Reviewer 2: Instead of mentioning HackMD we should mention we use Google Docs and the RFC process for proposing ideas for new features while linking to the RFC template and the location where RFCs should be created in Google Drive

Reviewer 3: Is there a central location that documents the Brief/RFC process for OLM v1 that we can point the community torwards? @gavinmbell

Author: I mentioned about the RFC process and linked to the template and folder.

Any changes to Catalogd's existing behavior or features, APIs, or changes and additions to tests do not require an enhancement proposal.

## Contribution flow

Below is a rough outline of what a contributor's workflow looks like:

- Identify an existing issue or create a new issue. If you're new to Catalogd and looking to make a quick contribution and ramp up on the project, a good way to do this is to identify `good-first-issues` from [Catalogd Github Issues](https://github.com/operator-framework/catalogd/issues) by using the filter by label and search for "good first issue". Also, please feel empowered to work on other issues that interest you which are not good first issues.
- Create a new branch from the branch you would like to base your contribution from. Typically, this is the main branch.
- Create commits that are of logical units.

> - Commit your changes and make sure to use commit messages that are in proper format following best practices and guidelines for git commit messages.

Reviewer 3: Years ago, I'd written these lines for another project: https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-marketplace/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#format-of-the-commit-message

We'd enforced those guidelines quite strictly until the project went into maintenance only mode. Till date, I have not seen another project where it is as easy to follow an old PR as it was for this project. It truly adds to the developer experience (expediting the work of the dev too of course). 

I'd like to propose that we adopt this for this project, and enforce it to the best of our abilities.

- Once you've committed your changes, push the new branch that contains your changes to your personal fork of the repository.
- Submit a pull request to `operator-framework/catalogd` repository.

> - Respond to feedback from the Catalogd maintainers and community members and address any review suggestions. The PR must receive an approval from atleast one Catalogd maintainer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Respond to feedback from the Catalogd maintainers and community members and address any review suggestions. The PR must receive an approval from at least one Catalogd maintainer.
```
